q1:
a group of n chefs has arrived at a cooking competition. the initial complexity of the dish they need to prepare can be described as an integer c.

eaxh chef can be described by two integers e and m, where e is their expertise in cooking and m is ther messiness in kitchen.

each chef has 2 attrs, e and m

rules for cooking:
- chefs take turns one by one in optimal order.
- a chef can cook only if their expertise e is at least the current complexity p (p <= e)
- after a chef cooks, the dish complexity updates to max(p, m)

the goal is to find max number of chefs who can cook the dish in an optimal order.

input format:
the first line contains an integer n, denoting the number of chefs.

the next line contains the integer, c denoting the initial complexity of all the dishes,

the next line contains an integer x denoting the number of columns in A

each line of the N subsequent lines (where 0 <= i <= N) contains 2 space separeted integers  each describing the next A[i]

constraints
1 <= N <= 10^5
1 <= C <= 10^9
0 <= A[i][j] <= 10^5


q2:
henry has gone on a bird watching journey to the forest of deltoria which can be described as a grid A of containing N rows and M columns. he wants to take photos of the rare and elusive blue magpie in the forest.

the cells in the grid A can be described by either of the following symbols.
- "." (dots) denoting pahs that are safe to walk through in the forest.
- "#" (walls) denoting eht impassable obstacles like trees, rocks or mountains.
- > denoting all cell to the right (East) of his cell are in the view point of a blue magpie unless covered by an obstacle or looking at another blue magpie
- v denoting all cells to the bottom (South) of this cell are in the view point of a blue magpie unless covered by an obstacle or looking at another blue magpie
- < denoting all cells to he Left (West) of this cell are in the view point of a blue magpie unless covered by an obstacle or looking at another blue magpie.
- ^ denoting all cells above (North) this cell are in the view point of a blue magpie unless covered by an obstacle or looking at another blue magpie.


it is given that blue magpie is a very shy bird and its enire flock will disappear if even a single blue magpie spots you before reaching the vantage point G. Additionally the point where you entere the jungle is marked as the point S on the grid.

find the shortest path from S to G in A which allows you to take the photo of the blue magpie.

input format:
the first line contains an integer, N, denoting the number of row in maze.
the next line contains an integer, M, denoting the number of columns in the maze.
each line i of he N subsequent lines (where 0 <= i < N) contains a string describing maze[i]

constraints
1 <= N <= 200
1 <= M <= 2000
1 <= len(maze[i]) <= 10^5

code (java)
```
public static int calc(int N, int M, List<String> maze) {
	// write code here.
}

public static void main(String[] args) {
	Scanner scan = new Scanner(System.in);
	int N = Integer.parseInt(scan.nextLine().trim());
	int M = Integer.parseInt(scan.nextLine().trim());

	List<String> maze = new ArrayList<>(N);
	for (int j = 0; j<N; j++) {
		maze.add(scan.nextLine());
	}

	int result = calc(N, M, maze);

	System.out.println(result);
}
```


q3:
you are given an array A with size N. the cost of the array is the sum of its elements.

you perform the following operation on the array A.
- delete any subarray in the array such that the sum of elements in this subarray is divisible by X.

Find the minimum cost of A after dong the previous operation any number of times. Since the output may be large return it modulo 10^9 + 7.


Input format:
the first line contains an integer, N. denoting the number of elements in A.

the next line contains an nteger, X. denoting the given divisor.

Each line i of the N subsequent lines (where 90 <= i < N) contains an integer describing A[i].


q4:
youre friend is travelling merchant that does his business in a country consisting of n perfectly connected cities

eachh day he stays in the city he is currently in (suppose it the ith city).
- then he gets a[i] gold coins from his sales in that city.
- then he decides what city he is going to travel next. hhe will pick one depending on his mood.
- if he is currently in the ith city.
- the probability of him going to the jth city is p[i][j] / (sum of p[i][x] for x from 1 to n)
- note that i can be equal j, which means he will stay in the same city.

find the expected value of gold coins earned from his sales after k days. Since the answer can be large return it modulo 10^9 +7

note: it can be proven that answer will be a ratio Q/P and can be calculated using Q * P^-1 mod 10^9 + 7. output the result of this multiplication.

input format:
the first line contains an integer n, denoting the number of elements in a and p.
the next line contains an integer, k, denoting the number of days.

each line i of the n subsequent lines (where 1 <= i <= n) contains an integer describing a[i].

each line i of the n subsequent lines (where 1 <= i <= n) contains n space separated integers each describing the row p[i].
constraints
2 <= n <= 100
1 <= k <= 10^9
1 <= a[i] <= 10^9
1 <= p[i][j] <= 10^9

